Add implementation related to Microsoft OneDrive connector (#1)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-microsoft.onedrive: README.md

    onedrive:MicrosoftGraphConfiguration msGraphConfig = {
        baseUrl: config:getAsString("MS_BASE_URL"),
        msInitialAccessToken: config:getAsString("MS_ACCESS_TOKEN"),
        msClientID: config:getAsString("MS_CLIENT_ID"),
        msClientSecret: config:getAsString("MS_CLIENT_SECRET"),
        msRefreshToken: config:getAsString("MS_REFRESH_TOKEN"),
        msRefreshURL: config:getAsString("MS_REFRESH_URL"),
        trustStorePath: config:getAsString("TRUST_STORE_PATH"),
        trustStorePassword: config:getAsString("TRUST_STORE_PASSWORD"),
        bearerToken: config:getAsString("MS_ACCESS_TOKEN"),
        clientConfig: {
            accessToken: config:getAsString("MS_ACCESS_TOKEN"),
            refreshConfig: {
                clientId: config:getAsString("MS_CLIENT_ID"),
                clientSecret: config:getAsString("MS_CLIENT_SECRET"),
                refreshToken: config:getAsString("MS_REFRESH_TOKEN"),
                refreshUrl: config:getAsString("MS_REFRESH_URL")
            }
        }
    };

    public function main() {

        onedrive:OneDriveClient oneDriveClient = new (msGraphConfig);
        

>         onedrive:Item|error item = oneDriveClient->getItemFromRoot("Book.xlsx");

Author: Done

        if (item is onedrive:Item) {
            io:println("Failed to get the Excel workbook.");
        } else {

>             io:println(<string>item.detail()["message"]);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            io:println(item.message());
```

Author: Done

# Module Microsoft OneDrive

The `ballerinax/module-ballerinax-microsoft.onedrive` module contains operations to connect to Microsoft OneDrive and provides information on the files, which have been stored on [Microsoft OneDrive](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/onedrive-concept-overview).

## Compatibility
|                     |    Version     |
|:-------------------:|:--------------:|
| Ballerina Language  | Swan Lake Preview1   |
| Microsoftgraph REST API | v1.0          |

## Getting started

1.  Download and install Ballerina. For instructions, go to [Installing Ballerina](https://ballerina.io/learn/installing-ballerina/).

2.  Provide the following configuration information in the `ballerina.conf` file to use the Microsoft Graph API.

       - MS_CLIENT_ID
       - MS_CLIENT_SECRET
       - MS_ACCESS_TOKEN
       - MS_REFRESH_TOKEN
       - TRUST_STORE_PATH
       - TRUST_STORE_PASSWORD

    Follow the steps below to obtain the configuration information mentioned above.

>     Before you run the following steps, create an account in [OneDrive](https://onedrive.live.com). Next, sign into [Azure Portal - App Registrations](https://portal.azure.com/#blade/Microsoft_AAD_RegisteredApps/ApplicationsListBlade). You can use your personal or work or school account to register.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Before you run the following steps, create an account in [OneDrive](https://onedrive.live.com). Next, sign into [Azure Portal - App Registrations](https://portal.azure.com/#blade/Microsoft_AAD_RegisteredApps/ApplicationsListBlade). You can use your personal or work or school account to register.
```
Shall we add numbered bullet points to these instructions?

Author: Ok, Done

>     Before you run the following steps, create an account in [OneDrive](https://onedrive.live.com). Next, sign into [Azure Portal - App Registrations](https://portal.azure.com/#blade/Microsoft_AAD_RegisteredApps/ApplicationsListBlade). You can use your personal or work or school account to register.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Before you run the following steps, create an account in [OneDrive](https://onedrive.live.com). Next, sign into [Azure Portal - App Registrations](https://portal.azure.com/#blade/Microsoft_AAD_RegisteredApps/ApplicationsListBlade). You can use your personal, work, or school account to register.
```

Author: Done

    In the App registrations page, click **New registration** and enter a meaningful name in the name field.

    !["Figure 1: App registrations page"](images/step1.jpg)

>     *Figure 1: App registrations page*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    *Figure 1: App registrations page*
```
No need to add captions for images.

Author: Ok, Done

>     In the Supported account types section, select **Accounts** in any organizational directory under personal Microsoft accounts (e.g., Skype, Xbox, Outlook.com). Click **Register** to create the application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    In the **Supported account types** section, select **Accounts** in any organizational directory under **personal Microsoft accounts** (e.g., Skype, Xbox, Outlook.com). Click **Register** to create the application.
```
Need to mark all UI elements in bold.

Author: Here "Accounts in any organizational directory (Any Azure AD directory - Multitenant) and personal Microsoft accounts (e.g., Skype, Xbox, Outlook.com)" is one of the labels in a radio button. See this [image](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-microsoft.sheets/blob/master/images/step2.jpg). Hence lets mark the entire label as follows,

**Accounts in any organizational directory (Any Azure AD directory - Multitenant) and personal Microsoft accounts (e.g., Skype, Xbox, Outlook.com)**

Note that in the above I have copied the exact text from the radio button rather than using the summarized version that is available in the PR.

    !["Figure 2: Accounts type selection"](images/step2.jpg)
    
    *Figure 2: Accounts type selection*

    Copy the Application (client) ID (\<MS_CLIENT_ID>). This is the unique identifier for your app.
    In the application's list of pages (under the **Manage** tab in left hand side menu), select **Authentication**.
    Under **Platform configurations**, click **Add a platform**.

    !["Figure 3: Add a platform"](images/step3.jpg)
    
    *Figure 3: Add a platform*

>     Under **Configure platforms**, click the **Web** button located under **Web applications**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Under **Configure platforms**, click the **Web** button located under **Web applications**.
```
No need to say "button". Saying "click **Web**..." is sufficient.

Author: Ok, Done

>     Under the **Redirect URIs text box**, put [OAuth2 Native Client](https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/nativeclient).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Under the **Redirect URIs text box**, select the [OAuth2 Native Client](https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/nativeclient).
```

Author: Done

    Under **Implicit grant**, select **Access tokens**.
    Click on **Configure**.

    !["Figure 4: Update security configurations"](images/step4.jpg)
    
    *Figure 4: Update security configurations*

>     Under **Certificates & Secrets**, create a new client secret (\<MS_CLIENT_SECRET>). This requires providing a description and a period of expiry. Next, click **Add**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Under **Certificates & Secrets**, create a new client secret (`\<MS_CLIENT_SECRET>`). This requires providing a description and a period of expiry. Next, click **Add**.
```

Author: Lets remove the leading "\" as well.
Done

Author: Lets remove the leading "\\" as well.

    Next, you need to obtain an access token and a refresh token to invoke the Microsoft Graph API.

>     First, in a new browser, enter the below URL by replacing the \<MS_CLIENT_ID> with the application ID.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    First, in a new browser, enter the below URL by replacing the `\<MS_CLIENT_ID>` with the application ID.
```

Author: Done

    ```
    https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/v2.0/authorize?response_type=code&client_id=<MS_CLIENT_ID>&redirect_uri=https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/nativeclient&scope=Files.ReadWrite openid User.Read Mail.Send Mail.ReadWrite offline_access
    ```

    This will prompt you to enter the username and password for signing into the Azure Portal App.

    Once the username and password pair is successfully entered, this will give a URL as follows on the browser address bar.

    `https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/nativeclient?code=M95780001-0fb3-d138-6aa2-0be59d402f32`

>     Copy the code parameter (M95780001-0fb3-d138-6aa2-0be59d402f32 in the above example) and in a new terminal, enter the following CURL command by replacing the \<MS_CODE> with the code received from the above step. The \<MS_CLIENT_ID> and \<MS_CLIENT_SECRET> parameters are the same as above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Copy the code parameter (`M95780001-0fb3-d138-6aa2-0be59d402f32` in the above example) and in a new terminal, enter the following cURL command by replacing the `\<MS_CODE>` with the code received from the above step. The `\<MS_CLIENT_ID>` and `\<MS_CLIENT_SECRET>` parameters are the same as above.
```

Author: Done

    ```
    curl -X POST --header "Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded" --header "Host:login.microsoftonline.com" -d "client_id=<MS_CLIENT_ID>&client_secret=<MS_CLIENT_SECRET>&grant_type=authorization_code&redirect_uri=https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/nativeclient&code=<MS_CODE>&scope=Files.ReadWrite openid User.Read Mail.Send Mail.ReadWrite offline_access" https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/v2.0/token
    ```

>     The above CURL command should result in a response as follows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The above cURL command should result in a response as follows.
```

Author: Done

    ```
    {
    "token_type": "Bearer",
    "scope": "Files.ReadWrite openid User.Read Mail.Send Mail.ReadWrite",
    "expires_in": 3600,
    "ext_expires_in": 3600,
    "access_token": "<MS_ACCESS_TOKEN>",
    "refresh_token": "<MS_REFRESH_TOKEN>",
    "id_token": "<ID_TOKEN>"
    }
    ```

>     Set the path to your Ballerina distribution's trust store as the \<TURST_STORE_PATH>. This is by default located in the following path.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Set the path to your Ballerina distribution's trust store as the `\<TURST_STORE_PATH>`. This is by default located in the following path.
```

    `$BALLERINA_HOME/distributions/ballerina-<BALLERINA_VERSION>/bre/security/ballerinaTruststore.p12`

    The default `TRUST_STORE_PASSWORD` is set to "ballerina".

> 3. Create a new Ballerina project by executing the following command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Create a new Ballerina project by executing the command below.
```

Author: Done

	```shell
	<PROJECT_ROOT_DIRECTORY>$ ballerina new project_name
	<PROJECT_ROOT_DIRECTORY>$ cd project_name
	<PROJECT_ROOT_DIRECTORY>$ ballerina add module_name
	```

> 4. Import the Microsoft OneDrive connector to your Ballerina program as follows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Import the Microsoft OneDrive connector to your Ballerina program as follows.
```
The command is missing under this step.

Author: Done

>     The following sample program accesses an item which is already stored on Microsoft OneDrive. Prior to running this application, create a workbook on your Microsoft OneDrive account's root with the name "Book.xlsx". Make sure that you keep the `ballerina.conf` file with the above-mentioned configuration information before running the sample application. If there is no workbook with file name `Book.xlsx` exists in the root level of the Microsoft OneDrive account the sample application will print `Failed to get the Excel workbook.`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The following sample program accesses an item, which is already stored on Microsoft OneDrive. Prior to running this application, create a workbook on your Microsoft OneDrive account's root with the name "Book.xlsx". Make sure that you keep the `ballerina.conf` file with the above-mentioned configuration information before running the sample application. If a workbook with  the file name `Book.xlsx` doesn't exist in the root level of the Microsoft OneDrive account, the sample application will print `Failed to get the Excel workbook.`. 
```

Author: Done

	```
    import ballerina/io;
    import ballerina/config;

>     import ballerinax/microsoft.onedrive as onedrive;

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    import ballerinax/microsoft.onedrive;
```

Author: Done

    // Create the Microsoft Graph Client configuration by reading the config file.
    onedrive:MicrosoftGraphConfiguration msGraphConfig = {
        baseUrl: config:getAsString("MS_BASE_URL"),
        msInitialAccessToken: config:getAsString("MS_ACCESS_TOKEN"),

>         msClientID: config:getAsString("MS_CLIENT_ID"),

Author: Ok, Done
